---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---
With the beginning of April I started my learning journey to become Ruby on Rails developer. I set this blog up to document this process and keep myself accountable.

Sometime ago I found myself in a situation that redefined almost everything in my life. One of those things was what I was doing for a living. It made me realize that I should have become software developer right after high school. Everything was telling me about it and I was blind through all this time. But I finally came to this conclusion and I decided I will become one soon no matter how long it may take. I decided what kind of developer I want to become and started going through [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/) curriculum which seemed to be the best way to get there. And while Odin is really great, now I think it's not the best way for me to be ready to write simple web apps as soon as possible (and only this can make me employable). Odin is very systematic, university like, from the ground up - firstly learn how internet works, git basics, HTML, CSS and JavaSript basics, then databases and Ruby and only after all of that getting to Rails. It's all the stuff I need to know but I think it'll be better to be learning it in depth when I already can write simple web apps (my current HTML, CSS, Bootstrap skills are sufficient for that). I need Rails skills now. So I bought a course that'll guide me through learning this way - [The Advanced Begginer Challenge course](https://starthereacademy.teachable.com/p/abc-course) and stared going through it...
